chore: dfx copy updates (#586)
dfinity/docs: modules/developers-guide/pages/cli-reference/dfx-start.adoc

= dfx start

Use the `+dfx start+` command to start a local {IC} replica process and web server processes for the current project.

> This command enables you to deploy canisters to the local {IC} replica to test your dapps during development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command enables you to deploy canisters to the local canister execution environment to test your dapps during development.
```

Note that you can only run this command from within the project directory structure.

> For example, if your project name is `+hello_world+`, your current working directory must be the `+hello_world+` top-level project directory or one of its subdirectories.

Reviewer: L23: replica => canister execution environment

Reviewer: L45: replica => canister execution environment

Reviewer: L52 and 53: {IC} => canister execution environment

dfx start --background
----

> If you run the {IC} in the background, however, be sure to stop the replica before uninstalling or reinstalling the `+dfx+` execution environment by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you run the canister execution environment in the background, however, be sure to stop it before uninstalling or reinstalling the `+dfx+` execution environment by running the following command:
```

[source,bash]

> ----

Reviewer: L67: {IC} => replica => canister execution environment
